16.07.09.0 …
Fixed for Meet Your Match, added font options, added new scoreboard

16.05.16.0 …
ACTUALLY FIXED Winpanel, added Wiethoofd the HUD god's Matchmaking HUD,
updated other base files

16.04.25.0 …
Fixed winpanel and such for 25 April

16.03.28.0 …
Fixed for streamlist update. Custom comp UI added that was heavily
inspired by mattr0d, will make more original at a later date.

16.03.18.0 …
Updated for Matchmaking

16.03.03.0 …
Fixed for Matchmaking

16.01.18.0 …
No update to files, just the readme. Misspelled WietHUD and called
Wiethoofd, who is from the Netherlands, Finnish. Sorry!

16.01.16.0 …
Mannterface, mannlier than ever before. Be a real, burly, sonofabitch
with this completely redone HUD, working on all resolutions, using #base
includes sourcing from the default files! More about this and more can be read in
the README. Thanks to Wiethoofd and thenoid for everything!

16.0.0.0 …
Removal of old version. This old version, which is old and broken, can
be found here: http://puu.sh/myy5O.zip

15.12.27.0 …
Fixed spectator and spawn healthbars, names, and outlines not showing up

15.12.17.0 …
Updated for the Tough Break update and fixed the Vaccinator backgrounds

15.12.02.0 …
Big thanks to seiterseiter!! Tons of new menu fixes and improvements.
Check it out for yourself!

15.11.14.0 …
Added 32 player scoreboard, changed name of "4:3" scoreboard to "normal"
(this will run on all resolutions), cleaned up menus, changed winpanel
to be better

15.11.01.0 …
Fixed health turning red too fast, added "e" shortcut to continue on map
connect, fixed healthbars on targetid for EZ-OPTIONS, fixed health
hurt/buff not animating on tournament spectate in healthbars mode, fixed
little witch hat appearing above health, fixed Mannpower powerups
showing up strangely.
Known bug, buffs/debuffs like marked for death and vaccinator icons do
NOT show up with the healthbar.

15.10.29.0 …
BIG UPDATE! - Added 16:9 options for health (default/cross/prism/bar)
and Medic charge (default/bar), options use #base for super-easy options
changing, but added options folder JUST IN CASE, also updated for Scream
Fortress VII

15.10.12.0 …
Added little animation to full charge, fixed kill count on scoreboard
sometimes getting cut off, updated 4:3 scoreboard

15.10.11.0 …
Made player health slightly bigger, made TargetID health slightly
bigger, made ammo slightly bigger, made spectator floating names more
visible

15.10.07.0 …
Updated for Invasion Community Update, fixed "xx..." sometimes appearing
on server timer and low and buffed health in some resolutions, made
TargetID font slightly smaller in an attempt to fix the super-long Medi
Gun name problem, got rid of "On the bright side..." panels appearing on
death

15.10.02.0 …
Added scoreboard toggle (in-game, bottom right: the eyeball), updated
the loadout subpanel to have Flame's mouseovers on the class Polaroids,
added backpack background, attempted to fix inspect panels, attempted to
fix KOTH timers, made BLU on the left and RED on the right like it is in
the stock HUD

15.09.27.0 …
Added server & map name, training button, and class selection. Fixed
Engineer UI and TargetID name length. Happy one month anniversary!

15.09.23.0 …
Fixed buff/debuff icons not appearing, allowed more room for names and
names of Medi Guns on TargetIDs

15.09.19.0 …
Added 4:3 support! (Not for menus yet, though, just the scoreboards and
Demoman UI)

15.09.17.0 …
Added previous/next buttons for the backpack

15.09.04.0 …
Fixed minmode cp's; added hq backpack icons; fixed inspect panel on
spectate and freezecam; made targetid larger

15.09.04.0 …
Added A+D shortcuts to move through the backpack with ease

15.08.27.2 …
Fixed for Gun Mettle Trade-Up Service!

15.08.27.1 …
Fixed killerhealth animations, killer name font, the health cross
appearing sometimes, and old animation files

15.08.27.0 …
Added dark round timer

15.08.26.2 …
Made crosshairs off by default, made damage indicators less obtrusive

15.08.26.1 …
Transparent viewmodels off by default; Fixed highlander scoreboard

15.08.26.0 …
Initial release of The Mannterface
mannterface committed on Aug 26, 2015